Web applications and webservices  - OWASP TOP 10 and WSTG(Testing guide) - HackerOne, Bugcrowd, Intigriti, YesWeHack

Jeremy Ethier posture routine - 20min Daily

Fear, Anxiety, Tensions, Procastination, Laziness, Stammering - Kumbhak meditation(3-5), Adi kriya(2), Smile Stretch Thank You(100), I Can(100)


Discipline is power - A war against yourself.

Whatever happens you need to practice consistently with commitment.

Your biggest enemy is your habbit of procastination, postponing for "I shall do it later, laziness or inertia".

Having perfection attitude is a very big reason behind it.

NO PERFECTION NEEDED

Kaizen - SSI - start, sustain, improve 
It means instead of trying to be perfect. it is much easier and much better to start wherever you are, even if you are not perfectly ready.

Simply doing is better than doing perfectly.

Do it Now DO it now Do it now, Don't wait for perfection.

Break inertia and take initiative.


Your mind always lives in Past and Future.

Living in the past gives you GAS - Guilt, Anger, Sadness.

Living in the future gives you FART - Fear, Anxiety, Restlessness, Tensions.

Past is history you cannot change it.
Future is mystery no idea about it.

Living in present(Here and Now) gives you Joy, confidence and Happiness. So it is necessary to practice and master meditation.

Meditation is not imagination or visualization, it is just observation of whatever your body experiences in that particular moment.

Laughter is the best meditation and medication.

Conscious Mind - 10%(Logical)
Sub-Conscious Mind - 90%(Illogical Works on WIFI - words, images, feelings, intentions)  

GIGO principle(garbage in garbage out) - If we feed mind with negetive thoughts our life will become negetive or sad.
GIGO principle(gold in gold out) - If we feed mind with positive thoughts our life become positive or happy.

Be positive and Think positive - So it is necessary to practice and master adi kriya(manifestation) to reprogram our sub-conscious mind
to belive that i am already speaking confidently, clearly and slowly.


4 ultimate life lessons

T - Thankfulness to the every situation of life instead of abusing, blaming and complaining.
A - Appreciation or acceptance of whatever life gives us.
P - Patience, Wait for result of your actions or karmas.
S - Samarpan to the life and creator(god).

Art of Loving

A - I accept myself the way I am
R - I respect yself the way I am
T - I trust myself the way I am
of 
Loving - I love myself the way I am
